Fix Local Metadata not Being Correctly Applied to Optional Params in Python (#5920)
zeroc-ice/ice: changelog.d/python/local-metadata-on-optional-parameters.md

> - Fixed a bug where local metadata that was directly applied to optional parameters was not being honored by `slice2py`.

Reviewer: The metadata was honored at runtime (the operation table always carried it), so the bug was only in the generated type hints. Suggest making the entry say that:

```suggestion
- Fixed the type hints generated by `slice2py` for optional parameters: metadata applied directly to the parameter (such as `python:numpy.ndarray`) was ignored, so the hint omitted the mapped type.
```
